Prettydiff.com

Austin Cheney
austin.cheney@us.army.mil
From: Fort Worth, Texas, US
      Kuwait
      Afghanistan

Special Thanks to Harry Whitfield.

Please join the Pretty Diff mailing list at:
https://groups.google.com/d/forum/pretty-diff

BIO

I entered my first career by joining the US Army in June 1997 shortly
after turning 18.  I wrote my first HTML on 2 December 1997.

I deployed with the military over seas 3 times:

 * 1 Dec 2003 I deployed to Camp Doha, Kuwait where I managed night
operations for the 335th Theater Signal Command in the office of
Theater Network Operations Security Center (TNOSC).  This was is a 2
star command providing me operational ownership of voice and digital
communications for Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan.  I served in this role
for exactly 1 year.

 * 17 Jul 2009 I deployed with the Regional Computer Emergency Response
Team for Southwest Asia (RCERT-SWA) under the 1st IO Command.  While the
unit was mobilized to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait I was forward deployed to
Afghanistan as part of a two person Computer Defense Assistance Program
(CDAP) team.  In this role I traveled the country providing information
security management guidance, training, oversight, and reporting of
major US installations.

 * 17 Dec 2012 I deployed to Kuwait/Afghanistan with the 311th
Sustainment Command as NCOIC of Knowledge Management for Afghanistan
Logistics.

On 1 Oct 2007 I joined Travelocity and have been there ever since.  I
started out as a designer, became a client-side developer, and am now a
senior strategy analyst.  My current title is just a fancy way of saying
I am the senior A/B test developer and technical analyst of test
applications.

On 17 Oct 2007 I invented Mail Markup Language as a personal project and
fragments of it became a patent pending technologies of Travelocity.

On 3 Mar 2009 I started Pretty Diff as another personal project to solve
analysis problems of minified code at work.  Using the tool to beautify
code has made me a faster and superior developer.

The only tools I use to write code are:
 * Notepad ++
 * Pretty Diff
 * JSLint
 * Chrome console
 * Firefox firebug